Speaks people here and said the dowry and
welcome one more video the video today at
I'll bring a setup
competitive for you that several people
come asking on twitter I found it well
interesting that will help 16 to play
same because it is very difficult the new
command had so much knowledge in the
competitive I always said confuse
the new classes things that are
considered wrong among other things
So I decided to make this request to you.
let me in the head and show my
guys I have the three modes of
competitive show that is your show destroys the
niger brites likes to be called de
Hero I use my bet is mine.
of the game is to always avoid
same attack but they do not limit the
frei local I front end grip
what to prepare the marathon agility he
was quite deadly in focus
the pecs essential to compete with the
Sns mortal that the designers focus on is that it is
the focus of the block to the two who watch it
in training as a tomato I was there
I like to avoid myself because it 's the
fire increases is after in marathon design
What project do you need to run?
quite agility that is kind light
white the option that there is a lot of speed
this is my favorite to take the already the
You win my class to prove it on time.
for me it leaves to hear that I was one
class to earn what
I'm going to change her here that I prefer
Now I do not know what God opened the place for
increases the damage from afar I like one
that they can fly in some
situations at the time when for example the dog
that I use to pull in the photograph
so here is a sniper that twice
to paraná 9 has every time and check in
class is a different difficult situation
you need to adapt your team
this time and others at the time that the
term between them, here is a class
of the profile with the rise and there at the time
very good too but here is a class
with two lenses that is the defense that
usually used to check the pump is
from here only a hundredth stan and then to
serie d people I'll show you
domination i am object player
so I just need to kill and
make space because I'm not tactical
then brought him to help the team or the
tuxedo and drag you see you do not expect
which are basically the same ownership is
pattern
the competitive has a standard type is
you use what's outside your
chances of winning there it decreases
truth is then so my favorite
she coordinates this process is equal to
which is prepared agility marathon is
stable and lasting drinking cocal issue
I think the best about the game that
has a good grid very good in tension
bonbon the wounded singer
here is the same thing just someone took
with fire or extended puts a truce
even for the end the team here is a dream
some street situations
Dominion I use for me is better than
Cheers
José does not have as much precision as a
third when you're closing
paulo and joão uzzum few situations is me
I think I only use the zone in the case with
two instances
I'm here with two tanks of a network
in certain situations that I am
control of evil I just need to follow the
my flags
from here I give a little bit different
because I come the gringos playing
reward almost because I found it very
interesting is a prestige the action that
it is because it carries me faster
use is quite in the sex ong is very good
It is this one in two deaths
for me it 's like catching the flag of zeal
in front is very good in two
instances
in certain situations very
important here is the same thing only for
premiere a vision
now look at the team of cambridge if you look at
1 and almost no lethal professional and
tactic
You need to get better but not better.
because in ritz you have to finish the
contract you need to control the
the map and most of the time the
so what I 'd rather do put
class where I kill him the most and do my
paper only understands that with voice and each
in the team has its role for example the
day or the player the goal of our
time he wears a tuxedo that
class authorized by aesthetic accident is
finishing the map I need I need
make a quick bite then a type
all their classes they must have
determined hours understood why you
can not simply pick up a
same thing you need to play the
head game
understands and class an essential thing
several people asked me then I found
interesting to do this here people are
that
the classes to and another thing that a
people asked me to show my
anti-cut as is my nature
this things
I have a relationship of victory in victory
and also defeats 0.8 because the game
alone business goes for then admitted
happened yesterday when he died where
then yes a stampede is my
playing time the 15 days easy because
site with prestige in the race
I really like playing bad is a
something I miss
People, I'm going to stay here.
Thank you to whoever is signing up.
channel support
I'll start betting enough video
I'm enjoying farhan do this
people and that's what I said